Cerberus Residential Opportunities Data Science Role

Project Description:
As a large Single Family Rental (SFR) operator in the US with properties across the country, one of our most
important objectives is to determine the "Market Rent" estimate for a given property. An accurate "Market Rent"
estimate allows us to rent out properties quickly and fairly and informs the rent at which we send out renewal
offers. However, discrepancies between markets, neighborhoods, and properties make this a non-trivial problem.

Your task is to create an algorithm in Python that can calculate a "Market Rent" estimate for a property given 
its location and some common property attributes. Your model will be trained on the rent level at which nearby 
properties were rented out over the past two years. A test set is provided, but your model should be able to 
provide rent estimates for properties outside of the test set as well. Be thoughtful about your approach and be
organized in your train of thought. There is no right answer, we just want to see how you think. 

The data that is provided represent dummy, not actual, transactions and properties. However, the distribution of 
properties should mirror the actual density of our largest SFR markets.


Data:
TrainingSet.csv and TestSet.csv both contain the following columns -
Latitude
Longitude
Bedrooms
Bathrooms
Square Feet
Year Built

TrainingSet.csv also contains the following columns -
Close Date
Close Price


Deliverable:
Create a function that, given a Pandas Dataframe with Latitude, Longitude, Bedrooms, Bathrooms, Square Feet, and 
Year Built, will create a calculated Market Rent column. Please submit in a .ipynb or .py file.

Please include comments as you go and think of ways that you could augment the model. Are there other property
attributes that you think are important? Are there other approaches that you would like to explore given more time?
We want to see everything that you find in the data and support your conclusions with evidence. 

Time Limit:
48 Hours